docs: add telemetry doc (#506)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/user-guide/operations/configuration.md

```
GREPTIMEDB_METASRV__META_CLIENT_OPTIONS__METASRV_ADDRS=127.0.0.1:3001,127.0.0.1:3002,127.0.0.1:3003
```

### GreptimeDB Telemetry

> To make us better. GreptimeDB will collect some telemetry data, such as the version of GreptimeDB, the number of nodes, the OS of env, the arch of env, etc. We will not collect any user data, such as the database name, table name, query content, etc. It can be enabled or disabled by the compile feature flags `greptimedb-telemetry` in the build params.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enhance our service, GreptimeDB collects certain telemetry data. This includes information like the GreptimeDB version, the number of nodes, the operating system used, the environment's architecture, and similar technical details. However, we respect your privacy and make sure not to collect any user-specific data, which entails database names, table names, query content, and the like.

This telemetry collection can easily be managed according to your preferences. You may choose to enable or disable it through the greptimedb-telemetry compile feature flags in the build parameters. Your experience and privacy are our top priority.
```
